# amafatt

A short description in Italian is in README_IT.md.

## Rust, Wasm, Dodrio
The programming language of this application is not important.  
It is easy to rewrite the application in any other language if necessary.  
The important thing is the application logic and mapping of data.  
I will create the prototype in the Rust programming language. It will be 
compiled in Wasm/WebAssembly that runs inside all modern browsers.  
The GUI interface will be in simple HTML updated with Dodrio Virtual Dom.  
There will not be necessary any special servers, JavaScript, npm, web-pack 
or complicated css and html.  

## Development environment
Install the rust toolchain from  
https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install.  
For wasm workflow tool installation on Windows:  
https://rustwasm.github.io/wasm-pack/installer/  
You will need also a simple static file server:  
`cargo install basic-http-server`  
## Source
Absolutely everything manually coded is in Rust language in the folder `/src/`.  
No manual JavaScript or HTML needed.  
The index.html file is a simple template.  
The pkg/mem.js file is generated by wasm-bindgen on building.  
I prepared a small simple css with css grid for styling based on w3.css.   
No need for npm or web-pack.  
The proper way to do json would be with structs and vectors, but it is so much typing and retyping of datatypes and input fields - for small benefit. I will use whole json as a string. And there replace what should be replaced. Much simpler that way for this project. Even json objects are too complicated. I will use all that as simple strings.  
## Make
I prepared all the needed tasks/flows in cargo make.  
https://github.com/sagiegurari/cargo-make  
Install it simply with `cargo install --force cargo-make`  
`cargo make` - lists the possible available/public flows/tasks  
`cargo make dev` - builds the development version and runs the server and the browser  
`cargo make release` - builds the release version and runs the server and the browser  
The make script also lunches the `basic-http-server`and open the browser.  
TODO: could make a flow to publish to GitHub or to google vm or a task for increment version numbers.  
## Workflow
There is only one screen with big text fields for request and response from FattureInCloud.it.  
A menu will have buttons to create different requests.  
For importing data from Amazon there will be another text field where to copy/paste the content of the txt file from Amazon. No file uploads here because we don't really need/have a server.  
The button Extract order-id will create a vector of order-id in case there are multiples in the amazon txt. For every order-id there will be a new button to process the txt and create a json string as close as possible what the API needs. That json data is possible to manually edit if needed.  
The button `Send json` sends the json request to the API and fetch the response into the response field. Only one order-id should be sent at a time.   
After that all needed editing, deleting, changing is made through the FattureInCloud.it user interface.  
TODO: after some time it can be modified to send all the order-id one by one automatically.
## reverse proxy  
Modern browsers don't allow cross origin fetch by default.  
The server must allow it explicitly with a special header `Access-Control-Allow-Origin=*`.  
As expected, the site FattureInCloud.it does not send this header.  
I wrote them to correct this, but I don't have any hope they will listen to me.  
The workaround is a reverse proxy that receives the original request, 
sends it to FattureInCloud.it, receives the response, add this special header 
and sends the response back to the browser.
I use nginx on my google cloud vm. To achieve this I added this lines 
in the configuration file \etc\nginx\sites-available\default:  
```
	#region amafatt
		# example https://api.FattureInCloud.it/v1/richiesta/info

		# the trailing / after both of these lines means this route is not appended to the forwarding
		location /v1/ {
			proxy_pass https://api.FattureInCloud.it/v1/;
			proxy_buffering off;
			add_header  Access-Control-Allow-Origin *;
		}
	#endregion
```
All the requests will be now sent to http://34.87.17.103/v1/.  

## Reference
https://github.com/rustwasm/wasm-bindgen/tree/master/examples/fetch  
https://api.FattureInCloud.it/v1/documentation/dist/#!/Richiesta_generica/jsonrequest  

## Complaints of an old man
For a simple fetch api I had to jump over hoops that are not to underestimate.  
JsValue, Promises, Futures, Closures, reference to functions, lifetimes,...  
I probably did not mention them all. Feeling like an absolute beginner. Feeling young again.  

## TODO
- lmake_readme to copy the content of readme.md into lib.rs comments (for the docs) and use it in cargo-make.  
- make button "send json" inactive until the request is fully processed. The last would be the product name fetch.  

## Changelog  
2019-07-15 start, async fetch working, reverse proxy working.  
2019-07-21 app uploaded to bestia.shorturl.com/amafatt, ricevute lista & dettagli examples  
2019-07-22 csv read and replace into json  
2019-07-23 working version for the simplest amazon txt  
2019-07-24 css, style, disabled, 22% iva, calculate net price,country name from ISO  
2019-08-03 multirecord, multiproduct csv, country name in Italian  
2019-08-05 cod_iva=0 for 22%, prezzi_ivati=true then only brutto prices, api_key and uid of Max  
2019-08-09 The product name fetch from FattureInCloud, recognize spedizione type from price 
2019-08-10 State provincia, modifiable api_key and api_uid, saved in local storage  
2019-08-15 because of credentials, delete all git and GitHub history, instructions for credentials  
